well howdy there internet people is Bo
gear
I drove depends Kohl of the other day on
i-10 now of course that means that I got
my interstate gospel along the way you
have not driven in the south there are
billboards every few miles with
Scripture on it it's just part of living
down here and as you drive awards
Pensacola it's a little different it
isn't just the normal John 3:16 well it
gets real targeted real quick because
Pensacola is the location of one of
Florida's most let's say productive
abortion clinics so along the way as you
get closer to Pensacola there are more
and more messages targeted specifically
towards that one of them was what if Eve
had had an abortion and man it got me
thinking immediately because I follow
Eve not the eve they're talking about
but it definitely got me thinking now
these billboards a rural billboard out
in the country it runs just a few
hundred bucks is you get closer to major
markets it gets ten fifteen thousand
dollars a month there are hundreds of
these billboards all over the south all
over the country really but they're more
predominant in the south hundreds so
let's just say a thousand bucks a month
offset the cost rural versus near the
market hundreds of thousands of dollars
a month spent on billboards then you
have to think of the money for lobbying
for the pro-life cause the money to
produce the informational literature
that they put out and Bo Marshalls all
that stuff
it's millions billions a month
what is it accomplished what is it done
nothing nothing not really in the grand
scheme of things nothing it's
accomplished absolutely nothing it's
interesting
now the eve that I follow well it's a
bag
it's bag it's an artificial uterus
artificial womb it's crazy
okay they have been able to successfully
mature a lamb that if it was in human
gestation it would be 24 weeks it's
crazy
brought it all the way to maturity no
problems they've done that a lot 24
weeks 97% of abortions occur 20 weeks
before they are super-close and they're
inching their way towards it now if
you're in the pro-life crowd you
certainly saw that ectopic pregnancy
that was removed went viral that image
that was at 9 weeks removed intact so
the techniques their technology is
almost there
well what's holding them back
research which costs away money millions
of dollars a month on what amounts to
propaganda that has so far proven
ability and effective maybe if it really
is about the preservation of life that
money should go to research on these
artificial ones maybe Eve maybe that's a
sign
but it's named that
so that in its own way could end
abortion at least the part that is said
to be the problem you know the ending of
what they consider human life its
extracted placed in the bag allowed to
mature then it can be adopted put into a
circus whatever it is you plan on doing
with them no longer than mothers
responsibilities see there's the rub
because I think for a lot of people this
isn't about the preservation of life I
think it's about controlling other
people I can be wrong and if I am wrong
we should probably see a shift in
funding but we'll see we'll see
as we head down that road though might
be a good thing to remember that
currently there are four hundred
thousand or so children in foster care
about a hundred thousand are adoptable
at this moment
tens of thousands will age out of the
system this year we'll see we'll see
what happens anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night